Add changelog for 12.1.7 (#7889)
citusdata/citus: CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer: https://github.com/citusdata/citus/actions/runs/13175327676/job/36773269693?pr=7889

Seems check-style on this branch failed with this error message:
```
We allow at most 80 characters in CHANGELOG.md.
3 ( 113 characters ) : * Avoids re-assigning the global pid for client backends and bg workers when the application_name changes (#7791)
[5](https://github.com/citusdata/citus/actions/runs/13175327676/job/36773269693?pr=7889#step:16:6) ( 89 characters ) : * Raises an ERROR instead of server crash for certain scenarios, e.g, Bug 3697586 (#7836)
7 ( 106 characters ) : * Fixes tests: foreign_key_to_reference_shard_rebalance test (#782[6](https://github.com/citusdata/citus/actions/runs/13175327676/job/36773269693?pr=7889#step:16:7)) and mixed Citus upgrade tests (#7218)
```

After the updating the entries, we can shorted the ones as in here;
```
* foo foo foo foo foo foo foo ...
  foo foo foo foo foo foo foo ...
  foo foo foo ..
```

### citus v12.1.7 (Feb 6, 2025) ###

> * Avoids re-assigning the global pid for client backends and bg workers when the application_name changes (#7791)

Reviewer: let's use the changelog entry we used for release 13.0.0

https://github.com/citusdata/citus/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md?plain=1#L28-L29

```suggestion
* Fixes a crash that happens because of unsafe catalog access when re-assigning
  the global pid after `application_name` changes (#7791)
```

> * Raises an ERROR instead of server crash for certain scenarios, e.g, Bug 3697586 (#7836)

Reviewer: let's maybe clarify this a bit more:

```suggestion
* Prevents crashes when another extension skips executing the `ClientAuthentication_hook` of Citus.
```

> * Fixes tests: foreign_key_to_reference_shard_rebalance test (#7826) and mixed Citus upgrade tests (#7218)

Reviewer: we usually don't mention non user-facing changes, so I'd remove this
